README.md, before:

<h1>Hi, I'm Abhinav! <br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abh1navbiju/">Cybersecurity Professional</a>

<h2>🧑‍💻 Cybersecurity Projects:</h2>

- <b>Network Forensics Lab using Wireshark</b>
  - [Network Forensics Lab](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/NetworkForensicsLab) <b><i>
- File Integrity Monitor tool using Powershell </b>
  - [File Integrity Monitor](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/PowerShell-Integrity-FIM)
- <b>Password Generator using Python </b>
  - [Password Generator](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/passwordgenerator)
- <b>Wi-fi Password Stealer Tool using Python (Educational Purposes Only)</b>
  - [Wi-fi Password Stealer](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/wifi-password-stealer)
- <b>Automated AWS S3 Security Scanner using Python </b>
  - [Automated AWS S3 Security Scanner](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/Automated-S3-Security-Scanner)
- <b>Microsoft Azure Sentinel SIEM Honeypot Lab </b>
  - [Microsoft Azure Sentinel SIEM Honeypot](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/Microsoft-Azure-Sentinel-SIEM-Honeypot)
<h2> 🤳 Tools</h2>
<div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Splunk-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Splunk&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Wireshark-1679A7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Wireshark&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Elastic-005571?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Elastic&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-FortiSIEM-EE3124?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Fortinet&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure Sentinel-1679A7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Splunk&logoColor=white" 

</div>


<h2>📃 Certifications</h2>

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Security%2B-FF0000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=CompTIA&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Fortinet%20Certified%20Associate-EE3124?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Fortinet&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Cybersecurity%20Professional-4285F4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Google&logoColor=white" />



<h2> 🤳 Connect with me:</h2>


[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/medium.svg" />][medium]


[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/abh1navbiju
[medium]: https://medium.com/@officialabhinavbiju


<!--
**joshmadakor1/joshmadakor1** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add AI Security Scanner with Gemini to README

README.md, after:

<h1>Hi, I'm Abhinav! <br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/abh1navbiju/">Cybersecurity Professional</a>

<h2>🧑‍💻 Cybersecurity Projects:</h2>

- <b>Network Forensics Lab using Wireshark</b>
  - [Network Forensics Lab](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/NetworkForensicsLab) <b><i>
- File Integrity Monitor tool using Powershell </b>
  - [File Integrity Monitor](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/PowerShell-Integrity-FIM)
- <b>Password Generator using Python </b>
  - [Password Generator](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/passwordgenerator)
- <b>Wi-fi Password Stealer Tool using Python (Educational Purposes Only)</b>
  - [Wi-fi Password Stealer](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/wifi-password-stealer)
- <b>Automated AWS S3 Security Scanner using Python </b>
  - [Automated AWS S3 Security Scanner](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/Automated-S3-Security-Scanner)
- <b>AI Security Scanner with Gemini
  - [AI Security Scanner with Gemini](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/AI-Security-Scanner-with-Gemini)
- <b>Microsoft Azure Sentinel SIEM Honeypot Lab </b>
  - [Microsoft Azure Sentinel SIEM Honeypot](https://github.com/abhinavbiju/Microsoft-Azure-Sentinel-SIEM-Honeypot)
<h2> 🤳 Tools</h2>
<div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Splunk-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Splunk&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Wireshark-1679A7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Wireshark&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Elastic-005571?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Elastic&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-FortiSIEM-EE3124?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Fortinet&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Azure Sentinel-1679A7?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Splunk&logoColor=white" 

</div>


<h2>📃 Certifications</h2>

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Security%2B-FF0000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=CompTIA&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Fortinet%20Certified%20Associate-EE3124?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Fortinet&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Google%20Cybersecurity%20Professional-4285F4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Google&logoColor=white" />



<h2> 🤳 Connect with me:</h2>


[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/medium.svg" />][medium]


[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/abh1navbiju
[medium]: https://medium.com/@officialabhinavbiju


<!--
**joshmadakor1/joshmadakor1** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
